Damn you dare
You're courting death, grab this ring
The messenger arrives
War commander messenger
What do you mean?
Who is the head of the Lin family?
I am
Can I help you?
On the order of the war commander, he came to the Lin family to give betrothal gifts and propose marriage
Ah, Lord Zhan Shuai proposed to our Lin family
Uh, yeah.
Lord Zhan Shuai likes the daughter of the Lin family
I specially ordered me to give a betrothal gift to the Lin family to propose marriage
Now Li Dan is as follows
The world's top jadeite necklace, eternal love
Value 100 million
Worth 50 million
A special wedding dress made by European design masters
$30 million Glory Villa Mobile
Value 300 million one piece of spring and autumn golden thread jade coat
Please accept the gift in person
What!
Are these all for me?
Zhan Shuai wants to propose to me
Are you the daughter of the Lin family?
Ah yes, he is the only daughter of our Lin family
Haha ok
Then please accept Li Dan in person.